[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Responding to a
nearby distress call,
Luffy and company were
met with a surprise
on the flaming island
of Punk Hazard.
[roars]
[KIN'EMON] Poot! I feel a breeze
all of a sudden, how curious!
Huh?!
You won't believe this!
There's some weird fancy-pants
guy stuck in the dragon's back!
[ZORO]
One-Sword Style.
Iai.
Death Lion Song! You're done!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, the Sunny
suffered a surprise attack.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
Tie them all up!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES]
Right!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
It's a good thing they're just
lowlife pirates.
So no one's even going to
miss them. How convenient.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
The master will be
pleased with this.
[LUFFY]
"The Straw Hats Stunned!
Enter: A Samurai's
Horrifying Severed Head!"
So.
What should we do
about the, uh, legs?
[giggles] Pull 'em out!
[KIN'EMON] Poot!
Unhand me, you ruffian!
How dare you!
[LUFFY] Hey! I'm trying to
help you, here! Stop squirmin'!
--C'mon.
--[KIN'EMON] Poot!
Wow. He is really
stuck in there.
I wonder how he
ended up that way?
Like, how does that even work?
If his head is stuck,
how is he talking,
or breathing for that matter?
None of this makes any sense.
So you think he
lives here or what?
[LUFFY grunts]
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[ALL gasp]
[USOPP screams]
Quick! Put it back!
[LUFFY]
Hm? Put what back?
[LUFFY gasps]
[screams] I broke him!
Sorry!
"Sorry" is all you have to say?!
He's dead now!
[LUFFY, USOPP screaming]
[KIN'EMON grunts] Oh. It seems
I've been liberated.
[USOPP, LUFFY gasp]
What?!
[LUFFY] He's still alive?!
And his legs can talk?!
[USOPP]
It's a monster! A zombie!
[ROBIN]
Wait a second.
There's no upper body anywhere.
Nor is there a mark on the
dragon where he was stuck.
[LUFFY, USOPP, ZORO]
Huh?
Yeah, I don't get it.
So, then the guy was
just legs all along?
Whoa. This is pretty weird, huh?
[USOPP]
Huh. He looks kind of big.
[KIN'EMON]
I know you are there,
but I cannot discern
your intent.
With neither eyes nor ears,
I can only sense your presence.
Wow, you're smart,
well, for legs.
[KIN'EMON] Poot! Whoever
you are, get out of my way!
[LUFFY]
Calm down!
[KIN'EMON] I refuse to die
in a place like this!
I have a mission to carry out!
[LUFFY]
He's running away!
[KIN'EMON] I will not
suffer this indignity!
Prepare yourself, Warlord!
I'm coming for you!
[LUFFY gasps] Hey, wait! Legs!
Come and join my crew!
Would you cut that out?
Guys, wait here
while go I catch him!
Roast up that dragon and we'll
have a barbecue when I get back!
I'm comin' for you, leg monster!
Ugh. This worked out with Brook,
but I'm kind of iffy about
having legs on the crew.
It's troubling that they
mentioned one of the Warlords.
Does that mean there's a Warlord
lurking somewhere on the island?
No! That's way too much!
I don't wanna fight!
Now can we leave? Pretty please?
Hey! Come back, Leg Monster!
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[KIN'EMON] Ow, ow,
hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
He doesn't know where
he's going, huh?
[gasps] Stop!
You're gonna hit that wall!
[KIN'EMON]
Someone's here!
[LUFFY groans]
Ow, ow!
[KIN'EMON]
Poot! Who are you?
They certainly are a
dogged pursuer, and yet,
I sense no hostile intent
from them whatsoever.
What is their objective?
[groans] He's fast.
[KIN'EMON]
Poot!
I know not what you desire
of me, but heed my words.
If you stand in my way,
you shall regret it!
What? Why do you
think I'm your enemy?
Stop running away
and join my crew!
[KIN'EMON]
Poot! What sorcery is this?
[LUFFY laughs]
Gotcha!
[KIN'EMON]
Unhand me, you knave!
Sure!
All you gotta do...
...is join my crew!
[KIN'EMON groans]
[KIN'EMON sighs]
Huh? Oops!
[LUFFY groaning]
[LUFFY chuckles]
Wow, that was funny!
Uh, you're not hurt, are you?
[LUFFY gasps]
Huh?! What the?!
[USOPP]
Weird. So how does that work?
Beats me.
Nice job! This dragon's good!
By the way, what d'you
call people like this?
Huh? Umm. With four legs?
[USOPP]
A centaur, I guess?
[LUFFY laughs]
I'm a centaur!
This is awesome! [laughs]
Why do these legs
keep getting stuck?
First the dragon, now Luffy?
[LUFFY laughs]
We're a team now!
[KIN'EMON]
Curses!
I seem to have affixed
myself to something again!
Poot! Cease this!
Luffy, that's vulgar. Stop.
Y'think so?
[LUFFY groans]
[USOPP]
Just 'cause he's stuck to you
doesn't mean he has to listen--
He's probably got his own head
calling the shots somewhere.
Let him go and
maybe he'll find it.
[laughs]
Mister Stickylegs was
born like this! Duh!
You need to get with the
program, Usopp! Right?
C'mon. That's ridiculous.
Hey! Are you coming
with us, or what?
[LUFFY] I wonder if
he's got a real name.
[USOPP] By the way, since you're
the only one who's gonna
be eating all this meat,
why don't you carry it?
Get the legs to help!
[LUFFY laughs]
Hey, come up here!
I found something weird!
[LUFFY] Yeah? Any clues about
the samurai or the other dude?
Look.
Whoa!
Agh. What now? Uh--
[USOPP] Snow! There's snow
on those mountains!
[USOPP] Actually,
I think those are glaciers!
[USOPP]
Everything's on fire over here,
but the other side of
the lake is frozen solid?
I could go for some
cool weather right now,
but this is ridiculous!
How did it get like this?
That solves one
mystery at least.
Like what?
Oh, wait!
Why that guy said
he was cold, you mean?
[RANDOM MAN 579A sobs]
Someone help!
What's wrong?
[RANDOM MAN 579A]
Please! It's cold. We need Boss!
My friends are getting
cut down one after another!
The samurai is gonna kill us!
So then, if we wanna find the
samurai and that other guy,
we have to switch sides.
Wow, this place is fun!
We can cross that lake, right?
I'm getting hot.
I wanna make snowcones!
Get real! We'd freeze
to death over there!
That lake's too big!
Let's go back for now!
Cold, huh?
That's not much better.
We'll be fine. If we can
find some wild animals,
we can skin them and make coats.
You're nuts!
The only thing we'll find
over there is ice cubes!
[LUFFY]
Perfect for snowcones!
[USOPP] Wait, can't we
talk this over, Luffy!
No, not you, too, guys!
Well, I'm not going! No way!
Sure, it's hot over here, but at
least I can avoid the fire.
I'll freeze to death
right away in the cold!
It's not gonna work!
[gasps]
[USOPP gasps]
[MONET chuckles]
[USOPP screams]
[USOPP]
A monster!
[USOPP screaming]
[ZORO]
Hm?
Ow!
Ow. What the hell--
There was a bird.
Only it was also a human
somehow--I dunno, it was weird!
Huh? What're you talking about?
Look. There's nothing there.
[gasps] Huh?
[ZORO] Enough excuses.
Let's get moving already.
[USOPP] I know I don't
have the best track record,
but I'm serious this time!
There was a monster!
You gotta believe me!
[CAESAR CLOWN chuckling]
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
I'm here to report, Master.
We seized several intruders.
They appear to be pirates, sir.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Well, isn't that just splendid.
And perfect timing!
We were running low on
guinea pigs after all.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughing]
[snoring]
[CAESAR CLOWN chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN] My, what a
fascinating group of specimens
you've assembled for me.
I'm sure they'll be eager
to contribute to my research.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
Yes.
I thought you would find
the cyborg interesting.
Yes, what a rare find!
I'm sure my metal
friend here has
all sort of fascinating things
to teach me! [chuckles]
Is this all of the trespassers?
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
There was another body
on their ship, but it's
of no consequence.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 580A]
It seems to be a crewmate
that they murdered.
That is to say,
only a skeleton remained.
Such brutality is not
unusual among pirates.
I see. Very well.
For now, take them away,
and lock them up tight.
We'll have our fun later.
[chuckling]
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A]
Search the ship.
Secure any food or
valuable materials.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES]
Yes, sir.
[BROOK]
Oh, my head is so fuzzy.
What was I doing?
Where did everyone go?
Who are these people?
[BROOK] It was hot before,
but now it's so cold!
Please don't tell me
I slept until the winter.
Ah... Ah... Ahchoo!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A]
Another pirate?
Wait. It can't be!
Uh, the weather today
is truly bone-chilling!
Though in my case, that's not
really saying much. [laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES gasp]
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A]
The skeleton's talking?!
This ship is cursed!
Umm. Whoever you gentlemen are,
could you direct me to my crew?
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A]
Sh-Shoot it! Shoot it!
Huh? Wait! No shooting!
Let's not be hasty!
[gunshots]
--[snoring]
--[thud]
[SANJI grunts]
[FRANKY]
Huh...?
[SANJI panting]
Sanji, what's all this
kicking about, man?
[SANJI]
Good, you're up.
[NAMI]
Can't you see for yourself?
They locked us up, Franky!
We're done for,
I tell you, we're done for!
Huh? Huh? Huh?!
Hey! What the heck happened?
What is this freaky place?
I know I was eating that dessert
on the deck of the Sunny
and then I... I don't
remember anything!
None of us do.
We must've been hit
with sleeping gas.
Then, when we passed out,
someone must've dragged us
off to this place.
No way.
I do remember the ship
getting hit with some kinda gas.
--[FRANKY] Huh?
--I'm sorry.
If I'd noticed it sooner,
we wouldn't be here.
[FRANKY sighs]
And we can't break out, huh?
Maybe they wanna
sell us as slaves!
Or suck our blood!
If they took everyone
on the Sunny,
then what happened to Brook?
I don't know. It was
just us when we woke up.
It's 'cause he's a skeleton!
He doesn't have any blood
to drink, so they left him!
Do you think they'll
drink my cola, too?
Both of you, shut up!
May I speak?
--Huh?
--[NAMI gasps]
Wait. Who was that?
[CHOPPER gasps]
Sure wasn't me.
Show yourself, bro!
[KIN'EMON]
I know not from where you hail,
but if you are
proficient in puzzles,
I have one in the
form of my head.
[ALL]
Huh?
I think this thing
is talking to us.
[CHOPPER]
But what the heck is it?
I am no "thing"!
[CHOPPER gasps, screams]
Is it a bug?
But it talks.
Like a transponder snail?
We're outnumbered!
There are eight of them!
[KIN'EMON]
I'm no insect, either!
[ALL]
Huh?
That aside, it appears that you
people are trustworthy enough.
What you see on the floor
are pieces of my face.
I beg of you, please put
them back together for me.
Your face?
Wait, I see.
It's a mouth, and an eye.
How's this?
[FRANKY]
There! Done!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah, that's a face!
You left out a fair
number of parts, though.
Ah...
Let me try!
[NAMI]
Better?
This doesn't feel right.
No, no, no.
Watch, this is how you do it.
[FRANKY laughs]
I dig that!
I don't, at all!
[CHOPPER]
Oooh, lemme try!
This is my face! It's not a toy!
Help me!
I got it.
[ALL]
Ooh.
[FRANKY]
Looking pretty human, bro!
I believe my chin and hair
may still be somewhat awry.
But, it's good enough.
I'm grateful.
[ALL]
It's a severed head!
Clearly!
Wait, are you ghost?
How can you talk?
I wish I knew that.
A swordsman cut me
into many pieces.
[ALL gasp]
That villain! He used
some manner of sorcery!
He severed my limbs
but I did not bleed.
I did not die.
I was denied a warrior's death.
Instead, I suffered
this indignity.
I'm a disgrace.
[ROBIN] It seems we can't
go around the lake.
It's too large.
We'll have to cross it.
All right, but the
question is how?
Hey, guys. Yeah, I think...
I think I'm just gonna
lie down and die instead.
I'm done.
[LUFFY]
Snowcones!
Huh? Where do you get all
this energy? I'm melting.
I scream. You scream. Snowcones!
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Who are you?
[HYOUTAUROS]
I'm your worst enemy, intruder!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[HYOUTAUROS chuckles]
[gasps]
[BOTH]
Those legs!
[LUFFY, HYOUTAUROS]
Where did you... get them?
[BOTH]
Wow! They're awesome!
[BOTH laugh]
Gosh! Sorry friend!
I was searching for intruders
and I hadn't seen you before,
so I got carried away!
No big deal! I forgive you!
But I'm jealous of your legs!
I wish mine were like that!
Don't feel bad!
Your legs have pants!
Hey, what kind are they?
[chuckles] I dunno!
[KIN'EMON]
Poot! Where in blazes am I?
Huh? Don't freak out!
Wait, were your legs
talking just now?
[LUFFY]
Yep!
[gasps] I thought I was cool
when I got a muscle shirt
to match my legs, but I've
never seen talking legs before!
[LUFFY]
Me either!
Oh, great.
Now he's gonna ask that
freakshow to join the crew.
A... leopard centaur?
[MALE BAD GUY 581A]
One, two, three.
Four intruders.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 581A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 581A]
Cu-lick.
[MONET]
Well? Did you find them?
Yeah. They're right here.
I've got all four
of 'em in my sights.
I'll take them out. Don't worry.
I see.
You have fun with that.
Give me a ring when
you're done, all right?
[MALE BAD GUY 581A]
Roger.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 581B]
Cu-lick.
[MONET chuckles]
[NARRATOR] A new crisis
befalls Luffy's group
in the Burning Lands.
Meanwhile, Sanji and
friends escape after hearing
the schocking words
of a samurai head.
Upon fleeing, they wander
into another room,
where they discover
the terrible secret
regarding this enigmatic island.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Startling! The Secret of the
Island is Finally Revealed!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!